How to: Verify signatures (#364)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/prereqs/cosign.md

> {{site.base_gateway}} Docker container images are signed using Cosign, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.base_gateway}} Docker container images are signed using [Cosign](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign), 
```

which is a tool that lets you sign images and verify image signatures.

> 1. Install [Cosign](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign) by following the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install [Cosign](https://docs.sigstore.dev/cosign/system_config/installation/) by following the 
```
